it is not true that a relative has died
yours
ah yes yes yes but it was a very relative
distant a guy very far and if you do not know
how sorry he was a ramón I
company in your pain believe me
you are an angel and long ago to whom
I want the devil
with permission if you pass you shut up
Thank you
today Mr. Ramón thank you very much and if you
never see here what this puppy has is
of water did not say
Don Ramón and now kneading his
goodness of chance you do not have a
cardboard box that serves as a cradle to
Satan
and here is
It is a cardboard box that can
serve the puppy likewise cha molins
to see if I have a year I bring it
personally, thanks for nothing